cmake: Add an option for enabling rook client in dashboard (#40859)
ceph/ceph: CMakeLists.txt

set(DASHBOARD_FRONTEND_LANGS "" CACHE STRING
  "List of comma separated ceph-dashboard frontend languages to build. \
  Use value `ALL` to build all languages")

> if(WITH_MGR_DASHBOARD_FRONTEND)
>   option(WITH_MGR_ROOK_CLIENT "Include Rook in the DASHBOARD" ON)
> endif()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CMAKE_DEPENDENT_OPTION(WITH_MGR_ROOK_CLIENT "Enable Rook support in the dashboard" ON
  "WITH_MGR_DASHBOARD_FRONTEND" OFF)
```

Author: Always something new to learn....
